Improve profiles (#228)
letsencrypt/cp-cps: CP-CPS.md

### 6.1.5 Key sizes

> ISRG Root CA keys are either RSA with a modulus of length 4096 or ECDSA with namedCurve P-384.

Reviewer: This omits "bits" so length is ambiguous. Bytes?

Probably should mirror the BRs:

https://cabforum.org/working-groups/server/baseline-requirements/documents/CA-Browser-Forum-TLS-BR-2.0.7.pdf

> 6.1.5 Key sizes
> For RSA key pairs the CA SHALL:
> • Ensure that the modulus size, when encoded, is at least 2048 bits, and;
> • Ensure that the modulus size, in bits, is evenly divisible by 8.
> For ECDSA key pairs, the CA SHALL:
> • Ensure that the key represents a valid point on the NIST P‐256, NIST P‐384 or NIST P‐521
elliptic curve.

Author: Done. I've borrowed the phrasing from the BRs, but kept it as prose (not bulleted).

ISRG Subordinate CA keys are either RSA with a modulus of length 2048 or ECDSA with namedCurve P-384.

Public keys in Subscriber Certificates issued by ISRG are either RSA with a modulus of length 2048, 3072, or 4096; or ECDSA with namedCurve P-256, P-384, or P-521.

### 6.1.6 Public key parameters generation and quality checking

ISRG uses HSMs conforming to FIPS 186-4, capable of providing random number generation and on-board creation of at least 2048-bit RSA keys and at least 384-bit ECDSA keys.

Per [NIST SP 800‐89](https://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/Legacy/SP/nistspecialpublication800-89.pdf), section 5.3.3, the CA ensures that all RSA keys in ISRG CA and Subscriber certificates have a public exponent of 65537 and an odd modulus which has no factors smaller than 752.

> Per [NIST SP 800-56A (Revision 2)](https://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/SpecialPublications/NIST.SP.800-56Ar2.pdf), Section 5.6.2.3.2, the CA ensures that all ECDSA keys in ISRG CA and Subscriber certificates comply with the ECC Full Public Key Validation Routine.

Author: Good to know, but the BRs cite rev 2.

| ------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------|
| Serial Number                  | Unique, with 64 bits of output from a CSPRNG                  |
| Issuer Distinguished Name      | C=US, O=Internet Security Research Group, and a meaningful CN |
| Subject Distinguished Name     | Same as Issuer DN                                             |
| Validity Period                | Up to 25 years                                                |
| Basic Constraints              | cA=True, pathLength constraint absent (critical)              |
| Key Usage                      | keyCertSign, cRLSign (critical)                               |

### Subordinate CA Certificate

| Field or extension             | Value                                                                         |
| ------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Serial Number                  | Unique, with 64 bits of output from a CSPRNG                                  |
| Issuer Distinguished Name      | Derived from Issuer certificate                                               |

> | Subject Distinguished Name     | C=US, O=Let's Encrypt, and a meainingful CN                                   |

Reviewer 2: typo for "meaningful"

#### 7.1.3.1 SubjectPublicKeyInfo

The `AlgorithmIdentifier` field of the `SubjectPublicKeyInfo` field of ISRG Certificates has the following (hex-encoded) DER bytes, corresponding to the key type:

| Type        | Hex AlgorithmIdentifier                      |
| ----------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| RSA         | `300d06092a864886f70d0101010500`             |
| ECDSA P-256 | `301306072a8648ce3d020106082a8648ce3d030107` |
| ECDSA P-384 | `301006072a8648ce3d020106052b81040022`       |
| ECDSA P-521 | `301006072a8648ce3d020106052b81040023`       |

#### 7.1.3.2 Signature AlgorithmIdentifier

> The `AlgorithmIdentifier` field of `signature` and `signatureAlgorithm` fields of ISRG Certificates, CRLs, and OCSP Responses has the following (hex-encoded) DER bytes, corresponding to the issuer's key type and signature algorithm:

Reviewer: BRs 7.1.3.2:

> 7.1.3.2 Signature AlgorithmIdentifier
> All objects signed by a CA Private Key MUST conform to these requirements on the use of the
> AlgorithmIdentifier or AlgorithmIdentifier‐derived type in the context of signatures.
> In particular, it applies to all of the following objects and fields:
> • The signatureAlgorithm field of a Certificate or Precertificate.
> • The signature field of a TBSCertificate (for example, as used by either a Certificate or
Precertificate).
> • The signatureAlgorithm field of a CertificateList
> • The signature field of a TBSCertList
> • The signatureAlgorithm field of a BasicOCSPResponse.

The language in this draft misses some objects / fields. We should mirror the BRs:

```suggestion
The encoding of the `AlgorithmIdentifier` field of `signature` and `signatureAlgorithm` fields of the following objects and fields uses the hex-encoded DER bytes specified below, corresponding to key type:

 • The signatureAlgorithm field of a Certificate or Precertificate.
 • The signature field of a TBSCertificate (for example, as used by either a Certificate or
Precertificate).
 • The signatureAlgorithm field of a CertificateList
 • The signature field of a TBSCertList
 • The signatureAlgorithm field of a BasicOCSPResponse.
```

Also the list of key type / algorithm identifier should include ECDSA P-256. We don't currently have any P-256 intermediates but we can specify which AlgorithmIdentifier we would use if we did have them.

Author: I disagree that anything has been missed: "`signature` and `signatureAlgorithm` fields of ISRG Certificates" captures the first two bullet points as both of those fields are in Certificates, and Precertificates are a kind of Certificate. The same holds for the two bullet points representing CRLs and the one bullet point covering OCSP.

That said, listing these doesn't actually help: the five bullet points in BRs 7.1.3.2 are actually examples, and the requirement is on "All objects signed by a CA" so maybe we should just say that?

I don't think we should specify the AlgorithmIdentifier we would use for P-256 intermediates, unless we also update Section 6.1.5 to say that we have P-256 intermediates.

Reviewer: Yeah, I like just saying "all objects signed by the CA."
